Okay, so (***) so you're talking about...
animation gummies or is that the real gummies?
one of my favorite Gamera
Gamera's monster? huh
Well the most reason one that I watched
The one that comes in.
and under the ocean (***)
yeah yeah yeah it's kind of round you have that toy
Yeah. Don't you have that soy? The silver one.
Don't you know the silver one? Ziggurat?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, (***) and there was (***)
Yeah, yeah
Oh, I like Gidon too. Gidon, the old one.
They used to have a shuriken. Does it still have a shuriken too?
Yeah
yeah yeah yeah
They actually had it on the side over there, right?
Next to the eyes, they have a little shuriken thing comes out.
yeah but
I don't think the sword was that sharp like in my life.
yeah it was like it was like almost poking poking
and then kind of makes a cut and that's it but this new
the animation one it was like yeah it was but
I bet that was one of your favorite Gamera movies.
or the show is that with a little boy.
Oh, the baby gun. The baby gun. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So.
That was a pretty good movie. yeah
yeah so daddy
So daddy lived in that town.
since he was a kid, right? And then he was born.
and the main capital was born.
Or do they move there? Do they move there?
huh okay
But he's that little kid what amazes me
is that little kid is a great swimmer.
He can swim from all the way to the island all by himself.
(***)
But that far, it looks really far. I agree.
the baby (***) Which scene do you like the best of the movie?
oh
When he saw that knife, he was like...
yeah yeah Reminding him of Giron.
That was a little comedy, I think. It's kind of one of those what we call inside jokes.
If they don't know anything about Gamera and Soda, they say, huh?
but if you know the gamera then they'll say oh yeah you get it why yeah
What does that mean?
My question is how did the baby Gamera even remember that?
(***)
Some kind of memory was inputted from the previous government.
yeah So how do you like the monster that came out in that movie, Gummy?
With the tongue sticking out. Yeah.
other than just sticking to it but did he have any other
(***)
then i am The sad thing is that they didn't make any more gummies.
(***) movie. (***)
I'm in a movie that's kind of connected to that movie.
that's the only one that we know yeah yeah i wonder if there's other movie that
same character now that they're grown
(***) person  now (***)
yeah
I don't think so. but
How much of the animation one did you see? Of the new one?
you.
This is the one that I showed you, right?
Part of it, right? Okay.
so (***) Gamera movie
That's the only movie you saw, the one with the words.
Which older one did you see?
with the uchuujin came like the space alien comes
okay so that was i don't know i don't remember much about that
So why do you like Gamera so much?
turtles yeah but that turtle
You bring that turtle out, that's why you just gum it up.
because you like gojira too and then gamera too and then
It's kind of all mixed up.
So it's mixed because you like comment.
The turtle, the Gamera turtle.
And then Gamera is kind of resembling Gojira too. So it kind of...
give you two two things that you like in one place
So which monster do you like in that movie?
Yeah, which enemy in general will gum it up?
Byron? (***)
Oh, the one that came on animation?
Yeah? Do you like it?
Gear on. You got gear on too?
Oh, okay.